Add MS Teams Pylon to handbook (#9058)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/growth/sales/customer-onboarding.md

Ideally we will also have them in Slack Connect channel so that we can provide responsive support and expose them to the wider PostHog team.

> Some customers may wish to use MS Teams rather than Slack. With Pylon we can support this, first you will need an MS Teams licence, ask Simon for one. Then, follow the instructions on the link here to get set up - https://docs.usepylon.com/bridges/microsoft-teams/setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some customers may wish to use MS Teams rather than Slack - we can sync our Slack with Teams via Pylon to do this. First you will need an MS Teams licence - ask Simon for one. Then, follow the instructions on [the link here](https://docs.usepylon.com/bridges/microsoft-teams/setup) to get set up.
```
